nginxQuic: 3be953161026 -> 0af598651e33 (#207248)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2305.section.md

- [services.xserver.videoDrivers](options.html#opt-services.xserver.videoDrivers) now defaults to the `modesetting` driver over device-specific ones. The `radeon`, `amdgpu` and `nouveau` drivers are still available, but effectively unmaintained and not recommended for use.

> - Now, to enable the HTTP3 protocol in nginx, need to activate the parameter `services.nginx.virtualHosts.<<name>>.quic = true;` which is responsible for activating the QUIC transport protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To enable the HTTP3 (QUIC) protocol for a nginx virtual host, set the `quic` attribute on it to true, e.g. `services.nginx.virtualHosts.<name>.quic = true;`.
```

Author: Fixed.
